Final Project Report
1. Development - HTML and CSS
I started with the structure of each of the pages, getting the HTML worked out in 
each of the documents and making sure it appeared structurally how it I would expect it
to. Then I added in the CSS elements and configured those to look close to what I 
had in my proposal. One challenge I ran into with this was with screen sizes, my title for
the page was not appearing in line with my page logo depending on the screen size. However, due
to time constraints, I decided to keep it that way, because it was not distracting to the overall
functionality of the website.

2. Challenges - Javascript
 - The first challenge that I faced was that the event listener was not working for my form.
 I was trying to get my form to go through but every time I tried something it would not work.
 I resolved this by searching through the Internet and finally realized that I had my script tags
 in the wrong place. I had placed them in the head tag instead of right before the closing body 
 tag, causing the Javascript not to run properly.
 - The second challenge was that I could not get my form information to process over from my submit.html 
 page to my prayer-wall.html page. I tried several ways to accomplish this. First I tried to do this as 
 explained in my proposal, where each request would be saved as an object, with each new object being part 
 of a class but could not figure out how to make that work very well without someting to store the values. 
 I tried using something called local storage but could not get that to work either, which is why I settled 
 on reading the user's request back to them in the alert.
 - I had also outlined in my proposal that I would replace the form with a message saying "Thank you for 
 submitting the form" and then there would be a link back to the prayer wall page. At this point I kept 
 getting a Page Not Found error whenever I hit the Submit button on my form, which was another reason why 
 I went with the alert button and put a link to the prayer wall at the bottom of the form.
- On the alert button itself, when I first put it together, my input values were coming up in the alert as 
"HTML Ojbect Input Value" instead of the value that I had actually input. I found a post on Stack Overflow 
that explained that I needed to add ".value" to the end of my variable names to get my input values to show 
up in the alert message.
 - Another challenge was that I had multiple event listeners on my external script.js file and it would only read
 the first event listener and not pay attention to the other one. To resolve this, I had to split up my Javascript
 into the script tags on each of the HTML pages that they were specifically for instead of having all of the Javascript
 put into the external script.js file.
 - The next issue I faced was getting the counter to work when I clicked the "I will pray" button. It was supposed
 to add the number to the button next to it, indicating that one more person was praying for that request. I started off by 
 trying to change the number entirely but was not able to change it with the event listener. Then I tried defining variable
 names instead and adding the event listeners to those and then changing the variable names and double checkiing the spelling. I 
 also tried moving the Javascript back and forth between in the script tag on the prayer-wall.html page and the script.js 
 page but it did not seem to work on either and unfortunately, due to time constraints, I was not able to get beyond this.

 3. Summary
 Overall, I do have all of the links working successfully within the website. For submitting the prayer request, the 
 Javascript in the form does work in that it responds back in the alert with what you typed into the form, providing labels
 for each of the input values as well. I still included the Javascript for the event listeners for the buttons for the counters
 to increase the number of people listed on the left button every time the "I will pray" button on the right on my prayer wall is
 clicked since I did intend on making those work, but I just could not figure out what happened.

 --Heather Mitchell['=]